1. Phylogenetic uncertainty is present in our parsimony tree at dating back to the last common ancestor of the various protists in this tree. Many of these clades are consdiered strictly photosynthetic (red) or strictly heterotrophic/other (blue), and of these clades the last common ancestor is guaranteed to attain energy in the same way as the tips of the clade. This can be visualized in the clade at the top of the phylogeny, where all candidates are photosynthetic, suggesting they're last common ancestor is also photosynthetic. However, nodes dated further back than this are uncertain, as there are both descendants that are photosynthetic and heterotrophic. In these cases, the last common ancestor has a .5 likelihood of being phototrophic. 

2. The maximum likelihood tree differs from parsimony in that it provides extremely different suggestions for where a trait was attained. Rather than just considering ancestral nodes with uncertainty to be 0.5 probable, many of these nodes are now altered in their likelihood for what their trait was.

3. These trees differ because maximum parsimony assumes the fewest amount of transitions in total resulted in the final character state of a particular node or tip of a tree. For instance, in this tree, if the tips of a clade are all photosynthetic, the parsimony model assumes that no changes occurred, and the ancestor was photosynthetic. With the maximum likelihood model, can predict the likelihood of various trees by altering the ancestral character trait for a given node. In doing this, they introduce a small amount of uncertainty, as it is possible under this model that the ancestral node of a photosynthetic clade could be heterotrophic. However, it also reduces uncertainty in other parts of the tree by inferring which character trait at uncertain ancestral nodes gives the highest likelihood tree.

4. Uncertainty in a phylogenetic sense refers to ambiguity in the ancestry of a phylogeny. This could be observed in multiple ways including ambiguity as to whether an ancestral node contained a certain trait or whether the history of a gene agrees with that of a species tree. 